♪
-[AGNES] So, we prevailed?
-[VILLAGER 1] We did!
Dozens of bandits
are now in custody.
And what of my husband
and little Pas?
[VILLAGER 1]
His Lordship is safe, milady.
-Lord Pas has an arm injury.
-An injury? Oh, dear.
How could I let this happen?
[emotional]
I'm sure it's not serious!
Is it?
[VILLAGER 1] Oh, of course not!
Nothing to fret over.
[Agnes relief]
Father and Pas must know
that we're sick
with worry waiting for them.
What's taking them so long?
Why haven't they come home yet?
The rightmost stack
is for the main village.
Please split up the rest
and take it back
to your own villages.
[VILLAGERS]
Yes, my lord!
[NARRATOR] This is the tale
of a genius patisserie
whose dream of making
the world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now, reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble,
he pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef, who was reborn,
and dreams of creating this new
world's very own land of sweets!
[CASSEROLE] Make certain that
they're each tied up separately!
-[COINTREAU] Yes, my lord!
-[GLACAGE] Yes, my lord!
What's the plan, Boss?
Are we still shipping them off
to the County of Retes?
That is what must be done.
Let them claim the victory
though they merely drove
the bandits our way.
This will allow
the Count to save face.
He'll owe us a huge
thank you for a ruse like that.
We'll work out
those fine details,
but at the very least we need
to recoup our campaign expenses
and our losses from sealing
the other two villages
and that's just the start.
Next Glacage!
My lord!
For your courageous
frontline defense efforts
I award you a spear
and one silver coin!
-[Villagers cheering]
-Thank you, my lord!
Next up. Marcarullo, Luminito!
-[LUMI] We're here!
-[MARC] We're here!
Wonder why he didn't call us
one at a time.
Hey, that's a good question!
[CASSEROLE]
You're quite the pair.
For serving Pas well
and assisting him in battle
I award each of you a sword
and a bag of barley!
-[Lumi awe]
-No way!
-[Marc smile]
-Wow, thank you!
[applause]
[MARC]
Kinda embarrassing
getting this much attention,
huh?
Yeah, no kidding and this barley
sure is heavy, too.
-Wait up, I'll help!
-Hey, Pas! Oh, thanks a lot!
-You both did great back there!
-[Marc laugh]
Not so great compared to you.
But at least
we held our own, right?
I threw way more stones
than you, so speak for yourself!
Huh? I'm the one who hit
that bandit in the head--
[PAS] Thank goodness we all made
it through the battle.
Now we can get
back to normal life.
He'll be just fine
with us around.
Just keep us by your side,
and you're golden!
Sounds like a plan.
[MARC]
Mom, look what I got!
His Lordship granted me
a sword for my service!
And a whole bag of barley!
-You're the best, Big Bro!
-The best!
You're home safe.
That is all I wished for
and the greatest reward
I could have received.
Tell me my lord, my foolish son
didn't cause you any trouble
on your mission, did he?
Not at all. He was great.
They both were.
One thing is certain.
Those two are indispensable
to my future
and that of Morteln!
[LUMI'S GRANDFATHER]
You made us proud, Lumi!
That's my granddaughter!
[chuckle and pleased]
You're squeezing too tight!
Never imagined you'd be aiding
our lord and his son
-at such a young age!
-Grandpa, my back!
You're going to break me
in half!
[VILLAGER 2] Sir! We brought
the wine you requested!
[LUMI'S GRANDFATHER]
Huzzah! Come on in!
It's time to celebrate!
Your father isn't back yet?
Not yet.
He's in talks with Marc's dad.
Said he still had some business
to wrap up.
A shame we missed him!
But, hey, I see the young lord
is here with us!
[VILLAGER 3]
You're here at the perfect time!
-Come and join our celebration!
-Thanks!
-Count me in!
-Wine time, right?
[VILLAGER 4]
Don't be stupid,
it's fresh milk
for you and the young lord!
-No fair.
-[Pas smile]
-[ALL] Cheers!
-[laugh]
[VILLAGER 5] I can't believe
Lumi and Marc got rewarded!
[VILLAGER 6] Honestly,
I thought those rapscallions
were nothing but trouble!
[VILLAGER 7] An ambush by
the children led by our young--
[LUMI'S GRANDFATHER]
Now I can walk down the road
-with my head held high!
-[VILLAGER 8] Magnificent!
[Pas smile]
[VILLAGER 9] Long live
our next suzerain lord!
[PAS]
With all that over
I can finally focus
on making desserts!
Sweet victory! I'm going to make
a nice bonka pie!
What will I need?
Butter. Flour. Eggs.
Hm, I've got to find something
reminiscent of cinnamon.
[MARC] Sheesh! I'm so used to
everyone always yelling at us.
It feels sorta weird
being praised like that.
You mean you're used to
everyone yelling at you.
Oh, please!
You get yelled at plenty!
So, what do you think
they did with the bandits?
[LUMI] I hear they put 'em
in the shed in the main village.
Let's go look at the prisoners!
It's our duty.
As future retainers
of the lord of this land,
we've got to stay on top
of this stuff!
You're right!
[VILLAGER 10]
It's too dangerous
to allow children
like you inside!
C'mon! We'll just be a second!
You're not worth
losing my neck over!
-Now scram!
-Come on! You jerk.
After all we did, they're
treating us like children!
-[Marc chuckle]
-[Lumi surprised]
[Lumi tugged]
-What's the big idea?
-Quiet.
Watch the master at work!
[Marc throw]
[VILLAGER 11]
Huh? What was that?
[VILLAGER 12]
It came from back there!
[Marc and Lumi chuckle]
♪
[Marc spooked]
Well, just look at these sad,
ugly blokes, will you?
-I'm not even scared!
-[Lumi spooked]
[HELM]
Hey kid, that sword on your hip.
-Where'd you get it?
-I earned it for being brave!
[HELM] Did you know
that used to be my sword?
Once they turn me in,
I'm a dead man for sure.
Before I go I want to
make sure you know
how to truly use my old blade.
-What do you mean by that?
-[HELM] You don't know?
If you use it right,
it'll let you wield magic!
-[Marc interested]
-Is that true?
[MARC]
Just like Pas.
Can you handle it?
Draw the sword
and hold it with both hands.
Don't do it, Marc!
You know full well you can't
trust that filthy bandit!
[Marc draw sword]
So, hold it like this?
-Stop it!
-That's right.
I knew you were worthy
of my blade.
-[Marc chuckle]
-You think so?
[HELM]
Now, say the magic words.
Magic words?
They're dangerous.
We shouldn't let your
little friend over there hear.
Come closer.
-[Marc nervous laughter]
-Tell me the magic words!
-Just a bit closer.
-[Helm kick]
Are you okay?
[Helm groan]
[Helm attack]
[Lumi scream and fell]
[MARC]
No, Lumi!
What happened?
-Stand back or the kid dies!
-[Marc struggle]
[VILLAGER 11]
Someone, help!
Lumi's been injured
by one of the bandits!
-[villagers shocked]
-[LUMI'S GRANDFATHER] Lumi?
[VILLAGER 13]
One of the bandits?
[Pas gasp]
No, it can't be!
[HELM] Outta my way
or the runt loses his head!
[VILLAGER 14]
Someone tell His Lordship!
Surround him!
Don't let him escape!
Please, Chief!
You can't leave us like this!
Screw you! Want to be saved
dislocate your own arm!
[Helm ride away]
Lumi say something!
Let me through!
She needs help now.
Lumi stay strong!
Compress it.
We have to focus on stopping
the bleeding no matter what!
Yes, my lord!
-The bandit?
-He stole a horse and fled!
-Which direction?
-[VILLAGER 14] To the east!
The east. Look after Lumi!
[PAS] The bandit traps that were
placed in the eastern mountains
should still be in place.
If I can avoid a fatal blow,
I can use my replication
to copy any wound I receive
and inflict it back on him.
If worse comes to worst,
I can force a draw.
-[Pas realize]
-Wait.
[PAS] If I can really replicate
anything I see, I wonder.
[CASSEROLE] Pas went in pursuit
of the bandit all by himself?
[FEUILLE] You idiot!
Why didn't you stop him?
[VILLAGER 15]
Sorry. It happened so quickly.
-Feuille, come, let's go.
-I'll handle it.
If he has allies waiting for him
out there they could gang up
and turn the tables
on their pursuers.
I urge you to stay here.
Help Glacage deal
with the backlash.
You're joking.
What do you think will happen if
word gets out about the escape?
It will be a huge blow
to all the villagers' morale.
They'll need
their leader's strength.
It's your duty to reassure them.
[Casserole frustrated]
-[Feuille nod]
-Summon Cointreau.
[VILLAGER 15]
Yes, sir!
Let me go! This is stupid,
just lemme go already!
Shut your annoying little mouth
or I'll...
[hit rope and falls]
-Damn it!
-My head.
Pas!
-[Marc awe]
-[Helm annoyed]
So, you're back for more!
I suppose you're the twerp
responsible for setting
this childish trap?
Gotta lot of nerve
for a pathetic ankle biter.
-[Pas sword draw]
-Marc. Keep your distance!
Aw, you think you're ready
for a real duel?
-[Pas focused]
-[CASSEROLE] Grip so firmly
I'd have to tear off your hand
to get that blade.
Show me what you're made of.
A mighty charge for someone
with such tiny legs!
[fighting]
[HELM] He probably thinks
he can replicate
a wound onto me with his magic.
But I won't let him!
I'll finish
him off in a single slice!
What's wrong? Outta steam?
Please, just run away!
I'm not worth it!
Yes, you are! I will never,
ever abandon you, Marc!
[Marc surprised emotional]
Don't forget,
you're my future lieutenant.
[MARC]
Pas.
What a touching display
of friendship!
-[Helm attack]
-[Pas block]
Say goodbye, dumb brat!
[MARC]
Pas, no!
Dammit. I can't find him!
Where is that kid?
Lord Pas!
The horse came from over there!
We can follow.
They're not far! Marc, Lord Pas!
Is that...
-his sword?
-[Feuille distraught]
How can I bring myself
to break it to them?
Oh, hello there, welcome back!
[Feuille shocked]
You're alive?
[CASSEROLE] He showed up with
his friend not too long ago.
I returned Marc
back to his parents.
Agnes took Pas in her arms
and hasn't let go since.
She fell asleep like that.
[Feuille baffled]
How did we not cross paths?
It happens.
No, it does not!
We followed right after him,
so how'd he slip past us!
Good point. Explain yourself.
Well, um, it's an extremely
complicated set of circumstances
that would require
a highly detailed explanation
to really do it justice.
Perhaps it could wait
until another day?
-Tell us!
-[Pas cringe]
I replicated Father's magic
onto myself earlier
and used it to escape.
-My teleportation?
-You replicated it?
I can copy anything,
onto most anything else,
so long as the target
is countable
and I've either seen
or interacted with the original.
I theorized that I could do this
with other people's
magic spells.
And it worked out.
[Casserole sigh]
I had a feeling
that's what it was.
Listen, I have a word
of warning for you.
'Kay, listening.
You are hereby forbidden
from telling anyone
that you can use other people's
magic spells
and from using said spells
in front of others.
Have I made myself
perfectly clear?
Using magic in battle
is dangerous!
One wrong move
and you could wind up dead!
Did you even think about
the repercussions
of your actions?
You may have replicated
my magic, but not my experience!
You're lucky you didn't teleport
inside of a rock
or deep underground!
[PAS] I knew he'd be mad
when he found out!
What are we to do?
Replication magic.
If word of this gets out.
He will be doomed to a life
where he's endlessly pursued
for use as a weapon.
That bandit. If only we hadn't
allowed him to get away.
If only.
All we can do now is pray
he's disposed of before
he lets slip our secret.
[Marc sigh]
[PAS] I hear that
Lumi's going to pull through.
I'm on my way
to go pay her a visit,
so you'll be coming with me,
right?
How am I supposed to face her?
It's my fault, all my fault.
If only I listened
and ignored that bandit,
she never would've been hurt.
-She almost died because of me!
-Moping around won't fix things.
Just tell her you're sorry.
Simple as that.
Hey! 'Bout time
you two showed up!
We came to check on you.
Dad tells me
that I'm 100% all better.
But he still yells at me
when I try to go out and play!
-[Lumi laugh]
-I'm so glad you're doing well.
I need to borrow your kitchen
for a bit.
-[Lumi confused]
-What's wrong?
Did something happen?
[PAS]
I'm all done with fighting,
and I'd be happy to never see
a rotten bandit again.
I want to make people smile!
-Lumi. I'm sorry!
-Where'd that come from?
-You're freaking me out!
-It's my fault!
-We almost lost you!
-Don't be dumb.
The bandit's the one
who should apologize.
But you only got hurt
'cause I was a total idiot!
-I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!
-Oh, enough with that nonsense!
[Lumi and Marc breath]
You smell that? It's amazing.
[PAS] Sounds like you got
that apology out of your system.
What's that? It looks delicious!
It's apple,
I mean it's bonka pie!
Bonka, what now?
It's a gift to help Lumi feel
better and to cheer you up Marc.
It's nice and hot,
so give it a try!
[LUMI]
Heck yeah! That one's mine!
Hey, that's the slice
I wanted for myself!
Well, too bad.
Early bird gets the worm!
[Lumi bite and enjoy]
-So good!
-So good.
This pie, it's a miracle!
My wound
doesn't even hurt anymore!
That's wonderful!
Now try some of these!
Bonkas in honey!
-It's sour!
I know!
Are you sure
those are even the same fruit?
They are!
Every bonka tastes different.
Some are sweeter
and others are very tart.
When an ingredient
has its own unique personality,
it takes skill
to properly prepare it.
To harmonize the flavors!
I believe
it's the same with people.
Like you, you have your own
unique traits too
and I'll do what I can
to make them shine!
-You will?
-[PAS] This experience,
it's only deepened
your flavor profile,
so take whatever lessons you can
and work hard to improve!
Assuming you're still planning
to be my lieutenant. Are you?
I am, you can count on it!
[Pas nod]
[door slam]
Explain yourself!
-Hey, Dad! You're back, huh!
-Um, hello Sir.
You foolishly thought you could
wound my precious daughter
and get away with it?
Please, Glacage, sir!
Control yourself!
-[Glacage grin]
-I've got it!
You'll just have to marry her
one day
and spend the rest of your life
making up for it!
My little girl's a tomboy.
She's never going to land a man
on her own!
-Did you say marry her?
-Sound good to you, Lumi?
She's never going to agree
to that...
-Yeah, sounds good.
-[Marc freaking out]
-[GLACAGE] Then it's settled!
-This can't be real.
Just four slices left, huh?
-Here.
-Hey, whatcha got there?
Some Bonka pie.
Pas made it all for me.
-Go ahead and help yourself!
-Thank you.
-Hold up! What about me?
-What?
Didn't you know that a husband's
assets belong to his wife?
To that end, I'll be claiming
the rest of this pie
all for myself!
-[Marc shocked]
-[Glacage laugh]
She's cracking the whip already,
boy!
Hope you can keep up!
[PAS]
It's delicious! Look at them.
Sweets really do bring
smiles to faces.
And to think,
I'm just getting started!
-This is good!
-[PAS] My dream is within reach.
I'll make everyone happy
in my own land of sweets!
[RETES]
The bandits were dispatched
in the Fief of Morteln, you say?
Yes. I've received word that
they rounded up every single one
of the stragglers
from our territory.
[Retes annoyed]
Dealing with this little hitch
could prove rather troublesome.
[PAS] Next time on
Sweet Reincarnation.
"A Spicy Negotiation
and Sweet Baked Treats."
Bon appétit!